SC: Add ability to cancel update initiated by self (#2806)
aeternity/aeternity: docs/release-notes/next/PT-168289008_SC_soft_reject.md

> * Adds a functionality to reject updates in State Channel environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* State Channels: Adds the ability to have a client cancel updates which the client itself has initiated.
```
